# cs230final
1. The Gaming Room was seeking to create a web-based game that can serve multiple platforms based on their already existing Android app, Draw It or Lose It. The basic concept of the game is that teams will compete in 4 rounds of 1 minute intervals to guess what is being drawn. Images are fully rendered by the 30 second mark and if a team does not correctly guess the puzzle, the remaining teams have 15 seconds to guess the puzzle. The software created must work dependably and efficiently on all operating systems.
2. I believe the strongpoint of this document is the 'Evaluation' section in which Linux, Windows, and Mac operating systems were compared in various aspects. I completed quite a bit of research into the strengths and weaknesses for both client side and server side implimentation of each system, and combined this research with my own knowledge from working within the industry. I believe I was able to create a comprehensive view of each system and provide accurate assessments.
3. The domain model was the most beneficial section when I began coding the program. The UML diagram proved to be very helpful in planning out my program before writing code. I prefer to take the time to plan and develop incrementally to avoid small mistakes that may go unnoticed until later in development.
4. I would choose to revise the 'Requirements' section that we completed early in the process to add more details. I listed broad technical requirements in the document, but after writing the code and gaining a greater understanding of the program, I could go back and create more detailed points to guide the process better.
5. The user's needs were interpreted from early assignment prompts, and these factored in to the 'Executive Summary', 'Requirements', and 'Design Constraints'. Ultimately, user needs should play a large role in designing software because the product being designed should fulfil the needs of the users. While certain 'wants' may not always be achieved fully, user needs should be heavily considered early to guide the overall goals and system design of the project to ensure a high-quality product is delievered.
6. In the future I would like to keep the same approach of listing user's needs, technical requirements and constraints, and creating a UML diagram early in the process. These key aspects proved very beneficial in guiding my process, and helped reduce the complexity of getting the project moving forward initially. Additionally, taking the time to thouroughly think through all possible operating systems was very beneficial. While I may not always have the freedom to choose any operating system for a given project, it is important to always consider the requirements of the project and choose accordingly to get the maximum results while saving resources if possible.
